Funded by our viewers, patreon.com/statedclearly clearly stated
Clearly stated: Where do the new viruses come from?
If you're watching the news, you may have heard about the new Corona Virus novel
That started in late 2019 with people getting sick in China
Global flights allowed him to spread from person to person to new countries
Where governments began to impose flight attendance and even quarantine
Claims of the virus' origin have begun to circulate online
Some have claimed that it may be a genetically modified weapon
But the overwhelming claims require massive evidence. At present, this claim appears to be out of the question
Others have claimed that the virus may be an infiltrated sample from a laboratory
Reality may be possible, viruses that have been leaked from laboratories in the past
But while I record this passage, the investigations into this allegation have not reached certain results
Could there be another, more natural explanation for the origin of the viruses?
The answer is yes
COVID-19 is the new human virus that infects humans, simply it may have evolved from a larger corona virus that infects animals
To find out how this happens, let's first look at viruses in general
What are viruses?
Among all the things that can make you sick is by infection and reproduction inside you
Viruses are among the smallest.
If we change the size to a more realistic scale
You will see that hundreds of viruses can be deposited inside a single bacterial cell
This degree is accurate. Thousands of different famous species have been studied and interpreted by scholars to date
Possibly millions more
They are found in many forms, but all types consist of a small set of genes
Strings of DNA or RNA that carry information to make more copies of the virus
These genes are contained within a protein protective shell and sometimes a sebaceous membrane
All known viruses are parasitic
But most of them do not intrude on humans, instead some target plant cells
Others target bacteria and so on
The virus multiplies by inserting its genes into a living cell
Different viruses do this in different ways, but once they enter the cell behaves as if the viral genes were their own
It begins by reading it and building copies of the virus instead of performing its regular tasks
Corona viruses are a huge family of viruses that infect animal cells
Some of them infect chickens, others infect pigs, others infect humans
But most of them are very weak. Simply catch a cold
"Corona" means the crown and clearly indicates the large crown that resembles nails clinging to its membrane
These protein nails selectively stick to a velcro-like shape
It does not stick to most of the objects, but it adheres strongly when it collides with special particles
They are found outside the animal cells. When it establishes itself firmly
The Corona virus is waiting for it to be swallowed by the cell
Then it begins to multiply at the expense of the cell
Different animals have different molecules outside their cells
For this reason, viruses that infect birds cannot infect humans
Because its adhesive does not stick tightly to our cells
Unfortunately, the process of normal development sometimes helps the virus overcome this problem
When the virus begins to replicate during reproduction, mutations can occur
It occurs either as a result of a slight error in the reproduction process, or as a result of the rearrangements and recombination
These occur when one or more viruses infect one cell
In most cases, mutations that change the shape of viral nails lead to the virus being useless
Its adhesive stops sticking to any host cell. Nevertheless, in rare cases
A mutation occurs that enables the virus to stick to new types of hosts
If the modified virus is fortunate enough to collide with this new host type, the infection will occur
We call it "indirect infection."
The virus has turned into a new type of host
At the beginning of the transformation process, the virus is usually not very good at infecting its new host
Its adhesive is not completely identical as well as many hindrances that may slow down the virus
The mutations that enabled him to infect the new host often made him worse
In his original host injury. As a result, many mutant viruses become extinct
After only one or two people are injured
They are usually deadly ends.
But if the virus survives and reproduces long enough, then natural selection will be promoted by new mutations
It helps it spread and breed better in the new host species
Useful mutations accumulate across multiple strains, unhelpful mutations decay
Suddenly! A new epidemic is making noise in the news
Despite our belief that these viruses suddenly found
Scientists know that there is a small flame before the explosion
Genetic evidence tells us that slow evolutionary changes were the reason
Almost every major outbreak has been known throughout history
At the beginning of 2000, Corona virus used to infect bats
It seems to have evolved to catch civet cats. And he has suffered increasing mutations, transforming to infect humans
We call it "SARS" virus because it causes severe acute respiratory syndrome
It has spread globally from person to person and some scientists have contracted it in the laboratory
Over time, the virus was contained, and more than 8,000 people were infected
More than 700 people have died. Corona virus also transformed from beauty to infect humans
Causing more deaths. Corona viruses are not the only type of virus that infects animals
Which can cope with new hosts.
HIV is transformed from chimpanzees, usually when someone injures themselves when preparing meat for dinner
Swine flu was partly caused by swine, but we think it has evolved
By reconstituting a pig virus with a bird virus
The Spanish flu in 1918, which destroyed the world's population
And that may be turned from chicken! But the evidence is not yet conclusive
Another new Corona virus may be another example of normal development
A similar virus is found in bats and another newly discovered in the pangolin
These animals are threatened with extinction, and they are protected
But it is often used as a food, ritual, or as an alternative treatment
In areas where COVID- 19 first spread
Now there are researchers investigating
Ensure that the virus did not infiltrate from a laboratory, either accidentally or intentionally
After all, genetically modified virus technology already exists
But it is important to understand that the process of descending adjustment
Affected by natural selection are actually producing new viruses
It occurs naturally.
Possibility of the virus successfully developing and infecting a new species
Very few, but there are more than seven and a half billion people on this planet
Most of us deal with animals on a daily basis
We keep them as pets and eat them as food
This means that there are billions of opportunities for injury to occur every day
Add to that the fact that the entire world is now interconnected through
Global flights, and your awareness of what is happening in Vegas
He doesn't really stay in Vegas, at least not the way it was before
Fortunately we have international organizations like the World Health Organization
And various centers to control diseases and help to contain the spread after it occurs
With global cooperation, we were able to prevent many disasters in the past
In the future, we will prevent many as long as our species works together
So the bottom line, where do the new viruses come from?
Most of the time, new viruses develop from larger viruses
Stopping the spread of new viruses requires global cooperation.
For up-to-date and accurate information, visit the WHO WHOT website
I am Jon Perry and this is a Corona Virus novel, I explained clearly
Ali Hamza translation